docs: Claude Skills for style guide 2 (#24048)
MystenLabs/sui: docs/content/guides/developer/coin/loyalty.mdx

## Example

The loyalty token example illustrates a loyalty token that is created with the Closed Loop Token standard. If you were to implement this example, the Admin sends `LOYALTY` tokens to the users of your service as a reward for their loyalty. The example creates a `GiftShop` where holders can spend `LOYALTY` tokens to buy `Gift`s.

The `loyalty.move` source file contains the `examples::loyalty` module code that creates the loyalty token. The module includes the One-Time Witness (OTW) that creates the coin (with the same name as the module, `LOYALTY`), possesses only the `drop` ability, and has no fields. These are the characteristics of a OTW, which ensures the `LOYALTY` type has a single instance.

<ImportContent source="examples/move/token/sources/loyalty.move" mode="code" struct="LOYALTY" />

> The `init` function of the module uses the `LOYALTY` OTW to create the token. All `init` functions run 1 time only at the package publish event. The initializer function makes use of the OTW `LOYALTY` type defined previously in its call to `create_currency`. The function also defines a policy, sending both the policy capability and treasury capability to the address associated with the publish event. The holder of these transferrable capabilities can mint new `LOYALTY` tokens and modify their policies.

Author: ```suggestion
The `init` function of the module uses the `LOYALTY` OTW to create the token. All `init` functions run only during the package publish event. The initializer function makes use of the OTW `LOYALTY` type defined previously in its call to `create_currency`. The function also defines a policy, sending both the policy capability and treasury capability to the address associated with the publish event. The holder of these transferrable capabilities can mint new `LOYALTY` tokens and modify their policies.
```
